hello there my colleagues my friends
I want to thank and messages to me
have been caring is supportive because the
people had an episode at the end of
week there and photo went out videos to a
lots of things that had nothing to do
so we see that to clarify
my friends even asked is staying
worried that with me for the formation of
nothing for motoboy puts one thing in the
that the staff today
posted to post a picture so baked
I leave here on Saturday morning to
make a service a company that
work malacacheta it's on the way
always the bedroom taking pictures of
landscape to see if I'm going to
next month thus leaving collective photo
in life is more agile in the sun
something if you like to do
It's even to think of something that
we make more victories and 24 defeats the
old
the documentary telling something
so I decided to ask for money for the dig
the music was speaking better of a
road in the background do not put the music
that innovates such people hear on the go
enjoying the sister that is not
smoker
smoking and did when he could have shown
but the break for me and I talked things went
to those who are injured there during the
stay on the road is the people that not all
and went to shoot and like taking a photo is when
suddenly on a nerd curve to five
more or less real kilometers of the
cheta
we were making an open curve
that's when we finished this
front bend with the truck is coming
in the opposite direction, namely the famous
against hand
we had no reason no agent was
Hi
the way then what we saw was the
soon a beat nothing more different
or cleaner did not do anything because the
Hill was well and very slippery.
enough gas and fall was a drop and
truck was climbing the only thing
I noticed that the driver was coming apart
of noting yet looking at me there
rights in something like that
and that he was repairing and
when he saw me and scared me
I was already towards him he saw me
be scared you
there he tried to get back to his hand just in time
he returned to die it was
worse than I imagined that I ever enter
under the truck
But God gives light, we think he has
some angel in front of us people
does the right thing not there I went and
sent a letter to the right direction that the
The truck stopped and gave
light hit
was not very strong despite the fact that
story was great but went well
weak even we did not have anything we stayed
nothing was just a chance but even in the
neck and the other shoulder because of
security right my colleague did not have half
renato who is filming in bed and
dropped because he keeps filming
same way
That's it, I'm just just not
I was tuned in. It's just that I 'm
paulina grande and doctor in law is
concerns
because although we have escaped and
had to suffer no debt 3d because
is agent loteca
Unfortunately I lost my mother early not
I have mom and dad.
so much that I got until today was with the
your time thank god people
trust lullaby service jobs come
the people of this né without no notion of
and end up taking the dream of the people of
that is a dream of decades and
who has the dream of having a car so
important that the people to whom he
there were forward to God in us
Got it again and thank the guys.
of the military police who went to
Helped us take care of Saboó
But Malacacheta did not forget the name
staff but he knows who the opposition
I'm speaking
it's in this I'm going to make yours the new engine
in time and I called him he was able
in almere he looks at me that I do not
I remember in a stamp that did not think like
he remembered nothing improves he had some
accidents I had done last year
and we ended up getting friendship continues
even my great brother to this day.
brother I already had my brother but
today you have even more taken care of me at all
moment and offered every detail is
there being discharged from the hospital
then thank everyone or the
I work the employee that I had
already talking about you and my family right
for concern an all moment mistake
issue one that supports the table that
moral support and this is what we need
at that moment the family is either good or
it will only help the
Thank you, people, my friends.
can everything be calm is a movie
strong and let it go to the show not
can stop
Hugs to you, no one was god.
everything will work out
thanks